In this next section,
you'll start working on the transformation part of a data pipeline.
This transformation section is relatively
long because there are many different ways to transform data.
Like in the extract section,
each exercises in a Jupyter notebook.
You'll see that many exercises have a challenge problem at the end.
Again, these are problems that I think are worth doing,
but they're really optional and you don't have to do them
in order to get through the lesson and
understand the material as well as doing the project at the end of the course.
I also want to emphasize that each notebook has an answer file which you can find
by clicking here on the Jupyter icon or going to file and then open,
and then there will be a solution here.